# 意见：
06-Feb-2024  
  
JBHI Ref: JBHI-03981-2023  
  
Dear Prof. Feng Yue,  
  
This letter is to inform you that the peer review process has  concluded for manuscript, "Neuroimaging synthesis and classification for alzheimer’s disease based on task-integrated deep learning framework and SHAP analysis," which you had submitted  for possible publication in the IEEE Journal of Biomedical and Health Informatics (J-BHI).  
  
Based on the feedback from the independent reviewers' evaluations, it is with regret that I have to inform you that your manuscript has been rejected for publication in J-BHI. This decision precludes resubmission of this work to J-BHI even if you revise your paper to reflect reviewer comments.  
  
Many meritorious papers are submitted to J-BHI each year and only a small fraction can be published. Enclosed, please find comments from the reviewers responsible for the evaluation of your manuscript. I hope that the feedback is helpful to your research and publication efforts.  
  
I wish to take this opportunity to thank you for your continuing support to J-BHI.  
  
Sincerely,  
  
Prof. Dimitrios I. Fotiadis  
Editor-in-Chief  
  
Cc: file  
Associate Editor's comments to the authors:  
Associate Editor  
Comments to the Author:  
Three expert reviewers reviewed the paper, however, two of them raised critical issues.  
  
Reviewers' comments to the authors:  
Reviewer: 1  
  
Comments to the Corresponding Author  
The paper is well-written and employs a robust methodology. However, a significant issue arises from the lack of clarification of the proposed methodology, making it difficult to assess.  
  
Abstract:  
- The authors mention tackling an issue without specifying the main limitation they aim to address. What is the primary limitation in predicting AD using neuroimaging data?  
  
Methodology:  
- What potential biases exist in using this method for AD detection?  
- Why was a 5-fold cross-validation approach chosen? Consider using a 10-fold cross-validation for enhanced accuracy.  
- Suggest utilizing another dataset (e.g., OASIS) in addition to k-fold evaluation on ADNI data. Train the model on ADNI and test it on OASIS for validation.  
  
Data Handling:  
- What were the criteria for including or excluding data from ADNI?  
- No mention of harmonization strategies for training data. Were any implemented?  
  
Missing Data:  
- What percentage of clinical data is missing?  
  
MRI and PET Pre-processing:  
- Details regarding the pre-processing of MRI and PET data are unclear. Specify the method used for intensity normalization on PET scans, reference regions, etc.  
  
Clinical Variables:  
- The paper lacks a list and definition of clinical variables in the text.  
  
Methodological Technique:  
- The technique involving the Shapiro-Wilk and Levene tests for normality and variance homogeneity, respectively, needs clarity. Suggest providing sample code for this section, including computation of SHAP values.  
  
Interpretation of Results:  
- Interpretation of top features (Figures 7 and 8, as well as Tables 5 and 6) should be extended from a clinical viewpoint.  
  
Brain Network Creation:  
- The details of creating the brain network (Figure 9) are unclear. Sharing sample code would enhance understanding and assessment of this methodology.  
  
Statistical Tests:  
- Statistical tests between groups in terms of all clinical variables should be provided. A significant statistical difference between groups in terms of clinical variables is expected. Additionally, prediction results based solely on clinical data should be presented.  
  
Classification Results:  
- Table 4 reports classification results that appear less promising compared to other studies. An explanation for this discrepancy is warranted.  
  
  
Reviewer: 2  
  
Comments to the Corresponding Author  
1. In the image synthesis task, only the results of BicycleGAN and CycleGAN were presented, and the comparison of other image generation models was missing.  
2. In the disease classification task, the binary classification tasks of NC-AD and MCI-AD were done respectively, why not do the more meaningful binary classification task of NC-MCI and the triple classification task of NC-MCI-AD.  
3. In the disease classification task, the authors presented the classification metrics for the image model and fusion model but did not present the classification results for the non-image model.  
4. In the disease classification task, the authors presented only the results of the own model and did not validate the model performance with a comparative test using a model designed by someone else in the above task.  
5. In the SHAP analysis, able to see the effect of each metric in the non-image model on the model output, but the authors did not present the effect of the metrics in the fusion model, perhaps the metrics in the fusion model were affected by the image and would make a different contribution.  
  
Reviewer: 3  
  
Comments to the Corresponding Author  
This is a very clear paper for synthesis of PET images from PET/MRI inputs. I applaud the authors for the clear descriptions in the text.  
  
The only recommendations I would have for making the text easier to follow -there is a lot of information here- is a number of reorganisations:  
Overall, the goal of the paper is written in the final paragraph of the introduction, but the sub-goals of the paper and the pipelines to obtain them should be explained separately in the methods section, in a list or -even better- a flow diagram. Likewise, the discussion should start by listing all these sub-goals and order the outcomes accordingly.  
This should help reorganising the methods and results sections too. At the moment there is a lot of good stuff! Unfortunately, it it is not presented in an order that outsiders can follow from start to finish without jumping between sections.  
The section "overview of the proposed methods" should have a more nested structure, when one method is included in another.  
One example is the biyicleGAN, which is part of the synthesis/classification/shap task. So figure 1 and 2 should be swapped around, and the synthesis task in the top panel should be recognisable (similar to) the left side of the bottom panel.  
The figures are very tall, it is better to make them more compact and probably less detailed.  
The figures for the image/fusion models should be more compact too, and since they are part of the main task, should not be listed in the next section.


# 新期刊：

**COMPUTERS IN BIOLOGY AND MEDICINE**
## 投稿须知：

https://www.sciencedirect.com/journal/computers-in-biology-and-medicine/publish/guide-for-authors

* 内容包括：结构化摘要、背景、方法、结果、讨论、参考文献、致谢、Conflicts、Funding Sources
* 摘要：IMRaD 格式（介绍）

```markdown
Abstract
	BACKGROUND
	METHODS
	RESULTS
	DISCUSSION
	Highlights
		* 
		*
```
